and her team did a fantastic job is helping us purchase the home at Stanhope Gardens. Her team never overpromised or overcommitted to anything regarding the property/location and were prompt to all our queries and requests. She helped negotiate a fair price. Her communication style is direct and consistent. She even went beyond her duties in helping us secure good tradies for Pest Control, Locksmith etc. I would strongly recommend her team to anyone looking for a property in North West Suburbs. Thanks!

With all the advertising in the market place, how do you chose a Real Estate Agent after living in the one property for over 27 years?
My wife and I had kept a close watch on the sales of properties in the Quakers Hill area for the few months prior to listing our home and noted the consistent performance of Ruma Mundi. Well, didn't our homework pay off!
From the moment that we welcomed both  Mundi and Brad Norrie into our home for our initial discussion, my wife and I felt confident we had made the right choice for the sale of our home. Their professional approach, market knowledge, negotiation skills and the calming manner in which they presented to us their market appraisal and advertising strategy gave us the re-assurance that they would handle every aspect on the path ahead of us. Our home was sold in approximately two weeks, both  and Brad keeping us informed during the process of open homes and private viewings.  and Brad did their job and they did it well. We thank them sincerely for their professional integrity and would have no hesitation in recommending them to any person contemplating selling their home.

Ruma’s expertise and experience in The Ponds makes her the best in her field. She has excellent communication skills and keeps you informed from beginning to end. Ruma takes the time to get to know her clients and will go above and beyond to get results. We recommend  and her team!

 and Brad made selling our home stress free and easy. They guided us through the process and their communication was excellent. We trusted them 100% and the entire selling process. If you are thinking of selling, don’t list unless you have met Ruma and Brad.

 and her fantastic team recently sold our property in Quakers Hill. Ruma made the process run seamlessly from the initial accurate valuation of the property, the open houses and the final sale. We were always kept updated with offers and open house times.  is always contactable and is doing business when other agents are closed. The commission charged was excellent value for the hard work and sale price obtained. I could see other agents who charge lower rates selling comparable houses at much lower sale prices and taking a month longer to sell them. You get what you pay for. Don't be fooled by agents who promise the highest sale price for the cheapest commission. A pleasure to deal with and I am more than happy to recommend.

Ruma did a fantastic job selling our home. She is honest and professional and works hard to achieve the best results for her clients.  and her team kept us informed every step of the way and explained and guided us through the process.
We regard and recommend  highly, she has great communication skills, she is ethical and her knowledge of the market helped us to achieve a result better than we expected.

There is lots to be said about  and her team.  is professional, honest, works extremely hard to achieve the best results for her clients but most importantly, concentrates on her own business and this is the reason why she is so successful. We never expected our house to sell for the price  achieved for us. She worked extremely hard to get the best results for us. She promised us a great services with excellent results. She promised and she delivered!  is not your typical agent, when we were unsure about a decision,  was there to guide us and provided us with her honest opinion. She put our interests first. She went above and beyond what we expected of an agent. I would never go to any other agent. , professional, honest, successful and outstanding! Thank you for all that you have done for us in selling both of our properties. You're the best!

I recently approached  Mundi to sell a property in Quakers Hill on behalf of our family.
I was extremely impressed with the level of service and communication I received. Her market knowledge and negotiation skills were exceptional. I would thoroughly recommend  and her professional team for any Real Estate needs.

Thanks very much to Ruma and the team at First National.
Their thought, knowledge and advise could not be more greatly appreciated.

We are well pleased with Ruma and her teams' effort in marketing our property. Every aspect of marketing was top notch.  and Brad's interpersonal and communications skills were the best we have seen. This was our sixth property, so we had some experience dealing with agents.

Trust was the outstanding aspect of Ruma. We regard and rate her highly as she has been thoroughly ethical. We did tell her that we were not selling unless we secured the other property simultaneously. We signed our contract to sell our property with no cooling off period. We had also signed to purchase another but the vendor changed his mind.  legally could have pressed ahead with the sale our property but didn't. She acted ethically and deserves credit for that. In the end it worked out well simply because of Ruma's communications with the clients and persisted through a difficult period. I would recommend her and would not hesitate to use her services again should the need arise. Thanks Ruma, Brad and the team.
